change mentions of Pulumi Console to Pulumi Service (#959)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/unit-testing-infrastructure-in-nodejs-and-mocha/index.md

resolving to the default VPC. Even though the deployment occurred, we'd want to
know that we now have an issue that we need to go track down.

We can very clearly see such failures in the Pulumi Service:

![Failed Deployment](./failed-deployment.png)

> And if we click into it, we'll see the complete Mocha test output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And if we select it, we'll see the complete Mocha test output:
```
